Bulk Data import job with pod restarts unable to delete #3033 (#3360)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

The presigned URL is valid for 86400 seconds (1 day).

> Note, the deletion of an a job is split into two phases, ACCEPTED (202) response and then 404 when the job is no longer available.

Reviewer: Assuming thats right, we could probably clear this up by covering all 3 cases in the doc:
```suggestion
To cancel a running job (or delete a completed job), issue an HTTP DELETE request to the polling URL.
* Invoking DELETE on a running job will return HTTP 202 (Accepted) and stop the job
* Invoking DELETE on a completed job will return HTTP 204 (Deleted) and delete the job
* Invoking DELETE on a deleted job will return a 404
```

Or if my assumption above is wrong, just let me know :-)

> Note, the deletion of an a job is split into two phases, ACCEPTED (202) response and then 404 when the job is no longer available.

Author: Looks good

For more information about Liberty JavaBatch configuration, please refer to [IBM WebSphere Liberty Java Batch White paper](https://www-03.ibm.com/support/techdocs/atsmastr.nsf/webindex/wp102544).

> If you are running in a Kubernetes deployment, be sure to set the environment variable MY_POD_NAME to `metadata.name` as shown in [deployment.yaml](https://github.com/Alvearie/alvearie-helm/blob/main/charts/ibm-fhir-server/templates/deployment.yaml#L159). This setting allows the stopping and deleting of jobs on all the hosts in the deployment.

Reviewer: wish there was a better way to keep these links up-to-date...but probably easiest for now just to make it right for this point-in-time
```suggestion
If you are running in a Kubernetes deployment, be sure to set the environment variable MY_POD_NAME to `metadata.name` as shown in [deployment.yaml](https://github.com/Alvearie/alvearie-helm/blob/main/charts/ibm-fhir-server/templates/deployment.yaml#L176). This setting allows the stopping and deleting of jobs on all the hosts in the deployment.
```
